---
title: Release Note v0.0.2
description: |
    v0.0.2, This version of egg brings new features and improvements
version: v0.0.2
features: 
    - Authentication
    - Focused Mode
    - 3rd Year Notes
    - New Font
    - UI Improvements
date: 2025-10-09
---

We would like to introduce v.0.0.2 of Egg. It has taken a long time since we
last shipped an update, however, this one is massive. It brings new features and
we added more notes to the platform.

### Authentication

We have introduced authentication for all users. It allows your user experience
to be customized and unique to you. Additionally, only signed in users will be 
allowed to send feedback.

You might want to sign in, for you to express your thoughts to us.

### Focused Mode

A decluttered workspace allows people to be more focused. We felt like, when a
person is reading, they would like to see what is relevant to them. Things like
the sidebar navigation buttons, get in the way.

Thats why we introduced focused mode. Focused mode allows you hide the sidebar
and lower the opacity of the page navigator. This reduction of clutter on the screen
allows you to be more focused and engaged with what you are reading.

Learn how to use [focused mode here](/docs/features#focused-mode).

### 3rd year notes

After a long time of working in the background and coming to a new semester, we
have included 3rd year notes. This includes only notes from the first of the
semester.

Additionally, they are not completed. We are looking forward to be updating the 
notes with time.

### New font

Lets be real, font can impact how you read and flow with the content. The more
clear the font the better.

With this new update, we introduced Quicksand font as our font of choice along
with other fonts to enhance the visuals and increase readerbility. Why Quicksand?
you may ask. Well, Quicksand is a calm font and our aim at Egg is to make 
learning fun again. We don't want to use serif fonts(no hate on those though)
and make it feel like you are reading a formal letter.

Tells us what you think about the font on our feedback form below.

### UI improvements

Some UI elements have been improved. Such as the feedback form. We have added 
user feedback incase you experience an error.

Additionally, we have moved some important settings to the user profile dropdown
menu, which you can access by clicking the user profile button on the Top Bar.

## The future

As usual, Egg is under heavy development. New content is being added constantly
and bugs and UI quirks are bound to occur. However, this will not stop us from
shipping a better product for our users.

We look forward to enhance your experience.
